[docs-beta] Add dagster.yaml reference (#24867)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs-beta/docs/reference/dagster-yaml.md

# dagster.yaml Reference

The `dagster.yaml` file is used to configure the Dagster instance. It defines various settings for storage, run execution, logging, and other aspects of a Dagster deployment.

## File Location

By default, Dagster looks for the `dagster.yaml` file in the directory specified by the `DAGSTER_HOME` environment variable.

## Using Environment Variables

You can use environment variables to override values in the `dagster.yaml` file.

```yaml
instance:
  module: dagster.core.instance
  class: DagsterInstance
  config:
    some_key:
      env: ME_ENV_VAR
```

## Full Configuration Specification

Here's a comprehensive `dagster.yaml` specification with all available options:

```yaml
local_artifact_storage:
  module: dagster.core.storage.root
  class: LocalArtifactStorage
  config:
    base_dir: "/path/to/dir"

> compute_logs:
>   module: dagster.core.storage.local_compute_log_manager
>   class: LocalComputeLogManager
>   config:
>     base_dir: /path/to/compute/logs
>   # Can use S3, GCS, or Azure Blob Storage for compute logs, e.g.
>   # module: dagster_aws.s3.compute_log_manager
>   # class: S3ComputeLogManager
>   # config:
>   #   bucket: "mycorp-dagster-compute-logs"
>   #   prefix: "dagster-test-"

Reviewer: What if we separate the alternative into its own block, like so?
```suggestion
compute_logs:
  module: dagster.core.storage.local_compute_log_manager
  class: LocalComputeLogManager
  config:
    base_dir: /path/to/compute/logs
    
# Alternatively, logs can be written to cloud storage providers like S3, GCS, and Azure blog storage. For example:
# compute_logs:
#   module: dagster_aws.s3.compute_log_manager
#   class: S3ComputeLogManager
#   config:
#     bucket: "mycorp-dagster-compute-logs"
#    prefix: "dagster-test-"
```

storage:
  sqlite:
    base_dir: /path/to/sqlite/storage
  # Or use postgres:
  # postgres:
  #   postgres_db:
  #     hostname: localhost
  #     username: dagster
  #     password: dagster
  #     db_name: dagster

>   #     port: 5432

Reviewer: Might be worth using environment variables in this example, as that is what people should end up doing.
